---
title: FAQ

slug: /faq
---

**1. What makes Invariant stand out from other exchanges?**

The distinguishing feature is that Invariant provides liquidity only within certain price ranges. This brings the effect of keeping the liquidity where the price currently is and thus where it is most needed.

**2. What is concentrated liquidity?**

Concentrated liquidity is one of Invariant's core features. In traditional liquidity pools, liquidity is spread across the entire price spectrum. In contrast, Invariant allows you to select a precise price range in which to provide liquidity. This ensures that the entire amount you invest works for you, within that selected range, yielding greater potential returns.

**3. What’s the highest possible liquidity concentration?**

Your liquidity on Invariant can become up to 40,000 times more efficient compared to traditional liquidity models.

**4. What does “permissionless” mean?**

Being permissionless means that Invariant supports all tokens available by default on a given blockchain’s token list. Additionally, any user can freely add their custom token without the need for any authorization or approval.

**5. What is a tick?**

A tick defines the boundary between discrete price intervals within the concentrated liquidity range. Each tick represents a 0.01% change in price. These small intervals allow for precise liquidity placement, enabling the concept of concentrated liquidity to function efficiently.

**6. Do I have to create an account and/or go through the KYC process?**

No, Invariant promotes full decentralization and permissionless access. The only requirement to use the platform is connecting your wallet—no account creation or KYC process is necessary. This ensures anonymity and seamless use for all users.

**7. What wallets can I use?**

You can use any wallet that is compatible with the blockchain on which you're transacting. We recommend [Nightly Wallet](https://nightly.app/), which supports Solana, Aleph Zero, Vara Network and Eclipse, among others.

**8. How can I verify that the transaction was completed?**

Transaction confirmations will appear as pop-ups on your screen. Additionally, you can verify transactions by using a blockchain explorer relevant to the chain you’re operating on, ensuring transparency and accountability.

**9. What is Revenue Sharing?**

Revenue Sharing is a system that allows users to benefit from the profits generated by the platform. Invariant is built with future collaborations in mind, offering a feature that enables the sharing of fees with external partners or sources, beyond just the Invariant protocol.

**10. Can I use Invariant on my phone?**

Yes, Invariant is fully optimized for mobile use. In fact, we encourage it! Our web app is highly responsive and performs smoothly, even on older mobile devices, ensuring fast and efficient user experience across platforms.

You can watch the video presentation of our mobile UX on YouTube by [clicking here](https://www.youtube.com/shorts/Jfp0g9Q-e9s).

**11. Has Invariant been audited?**

Yes, Invariant has passed an audit conducted by [Sec3](https://www.sec3.dev/).

**12. What fees do I pay when I exchange tokens?**

When swapping tokens, the fee will be clearly displayed before confirming the transaction. If you're adding liquidity, you can choose a fee tier ranging from 0.1% to 1%, depending on the risk and reward balance you're seeking.

**13. Can I withdraw my liquidity anytime?**

Yes, you can withdraw your liquidity at any time without restrictions.

**14. Is Invariant code open-source?**

Yes, Invariant is fully open source.

You can check all repositories on our [GitHub](https://github.com/invariant-labs).

**15. How can i get started on Invariant?**

To get started, check out our [main User Guide](/docs/tutorial/get_started). Remember, we also have dedicated user guides for each blockchain we support. You can find them here.

**16. On which blockchains will Invariant be available in the future?**

We are continuously expanding the number of blockchains we support.

To stay updated, join us on [Discord](https://discord.com/invite/w6hTeWTJvG) and [X (formerly Twitter)](https://x.com/invariant_labs).

**17. How can I contact the Invariant team?**

You can join our [Discord](http://discord.gg/w6hTeWTJvG) channel or DM us on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/invariant_labs).
